Special installation aspects (#358) (#501)
rockstor/rockstor-doc: installation/special-install-scenarios-howto.rst

In order to make this a static connection, here is an example on how this can be set up using `nmcli`:

.. code-block:: console

   nmcli connection modify 'enp0s3' \
      connection.autoconnect  yes \
      ipv4.method manual \
      ipv4.address 192.168.22.199/24 \
      ipv4.gateway 192.168.22.1 \
      ipv4.dns 8.8.8.8, 8.8.4.4.

Upon successful completion of the command the connection will receive a static IP address:

* automatically (i.e. whenever the network management is started)
* static address with
* IP address of 192.168.1.199 and
* Gateway of 192.168.22.1 and
* DNS1 and DNS2 server 8.8.8.8 and 8.8.4.4 respectively.

To move the connection back to to `dhcp` mode, the above settings need to be reverted:

.. code-block:: console

   nmcli con mod "enp0s3" \
     ipv4.method "auto"
     ipv4.addresses "" \
     ipv4.gateway "" \
     ipv4.dns ""

For either of these changes to take effect run

.. code-block:: console

   nmcli connection up "enp0s3"

or reboot the system.

.. note::
   The above is meant for setting up a specific connection **before** the installation/configuration is completed using Rockstor's WebUI.

>    Once the Rockstor installation is complete, a static IP can be assigned from the WebUI. Under most circumstances neither should be necessary, as most routers today offer IP address reservation that will effectively result in a static IP address assigned to the Rockstor appliance (which by default uses `dhcp` to automatically obtain an IP address from the gateway).

Author: I've rearranged the section a bit based on your recommendation and did some rewording.

Proxy for private network
-------------------------

In some network architectures, a proxy is required to be able to manage updates from external sources
like OpenSUSE upstream packages, or check for and update a new version of the Rockstor software.

This `KB 7006845 <https://www.suse.com/support/kb/doc/?id=000017441>`_ provides some insights into how
to set up a Proxy using the command line.

VMWare guest tools installation
-------------------------------

As VMWare is a commmon virtualization package that is used by the Rockstor (alongside with others VirtualBox, Proxmox, etc.), there is a useful toolset available that helps with various aspects of the integration between
the host and guest among other tools (similar guest extensions exist under VirtualBox as well): **open-vm-tools**.

> There is the option to build this package into the custom installer, so it becomes part of the initial installation routine.
> When building a customer installer to include it, using the `Rockstor installer <https://github.com/rockstor/rockstor-installer>`_
> the package is already contained in the **rockstor.kiwi** file, albeit commented out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This or any package can be included into a custom installer, making them available during the initial installation.
For building a custom installer see our `rockstor-installer <https://github.com/rockstor/rockstor-installer>`_ repo.
The `open-vm-tools` package is already contained in the **rockstor.kiwi** file, albeit commented out.
```
